npm start: To start the server
npm build: When we need to deploy our website, we require HTML, CSS, and JS files, 
so npm build helps in that. Npm build creates a build directory that contains all the HTML and CSS files. 
These files can be pasted on the hosting website to host your website. In essence, when we want to 
make our website live, we need HTML and JS files. Npm build is used for production or deployment, 
creating a build folder. Inside this folder, there is a static folder that contains all the CSS and JS files.
 Additionally, there is an index.html file that serves as the main home page.

Vanilla javascript: it is the purest form of javascript means everything is written in an only in 
javascript no use of other js libraries like react angular  web applications can be made of using only js as 
well so using fundamental js is only called as vanilla javascript
For reference : https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/vanilla-javascript-better-choice-web-development-sunil-chaudhary/

Call backs
callbacks mean that you make a call first, and in that call, you specify to wait for 3000 ms. 
It will then move on to the next line. When the 300 ms wait is over, it will  call you again. 
So, in essence, a basic callback means calling again; a callback involves making a call again

Promises 

How to add bootstrap 
1. add javascript file from bootstrap docs in public/index.html file 
2. add css file in head part of index.html file

Props:
1. when we want to resuse the component but with varibale value then props are used 
it is use to pass data into components 
example 
we have created a nabvar in which home contact about us page we want same ui for each component 
only heading should change so we will pass it as props ex props.title = aboutus or props.title = contact
2. Props are read only we are passing title =contact or title= about us so we cant change it furthur the value
of props we cant make changes by doing title+"hufh" // this is errror

PropType: used to define the data type of props passed